[BC Break] Use context to store notifications instead of Redux (#7082)
marmelab/react-admin: UPGRADE.md

};
```

## `useNotify` Now Takes An Options Object

> When a component has to display a notification, developers may want to tweak the type, duration, translatino arguments, or the ability to undo the action. The callback returned by `useNotify()` used to accept a long series of argument, but the syntax wasn't very intuitive. To improve the developer experience, these options are now part of an `options` object, passed as second argument.

Reviewer: s/translatino/translation

```diff
```jsx
import { useNotify } from 'react-admin';

const NotifyButton = () => {
    const notify = useNotify();
    const handleClick = () => {
-       notify(`Comment approved`, 'success', undefined, true);
+       notify(`Comment approved`, { type: 'success', undoable: true });
    }
    return <button onClick={handleClick}>Notify</button>;
};
```

> Check [the `useNotify`documentation](https://marmelab.com/react-admin/useNotify.html) for more information.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Check [the `useNotify` documentation](./useNotify.md) for more information.
```

Author: The upgrade guide won't necessarily be published with the rest of the documentation, so I prefer to be explicit.
